Added 98 landmarks detection net. Added script to accuracy checker fo… (#2457)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/face-landmarks-98-detection-0001/README.md

# face-98-landmarks-detection-0001

## Use Case and High-Level Description

This is a 2D face landmarks detection network based on the HRNet approach.
For face in an image, the network detects landmarks (look at image below).
The landmarks contain 98 keypoints.

## Example

![](./assets/face-98-landmarks-detection-0001_1.png)
![](./assets/face-98-landmarks-detection-0001_2.png)

## Specification

| Metric                          | Value                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| NME                             | 0.1597                                    |
| GFlops                          | 0.6                                       |
| MParams                         | 9.66                                      |
| Source framework                | PyTorch\*                                 |

## Inputs

> Name: `input`, shape: `1, 3, 64, 64`. An input image in the `B, C, H, W` format, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name: `input.1`, shape: `1, 3, 64, 64`. An input image in the `B, C, H, W` format, where:
```

> Name: `input`, shape: `1, 3, 64, 64`. An input image in the `B, C, H, W` format ,
> where:
>   - B - batch size
>   - C - number of channels
>   - H - image height
>   - W - image width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name: `input`, shape: `1, 3, 64, 64`. An input image in the `B, C, H, W` format, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width
```

Expected color order is `BGR`.

## Outputs

> The net outputs blob:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
this line not needed anymore

>   * `3851` of shape `1, 98, 64, 48` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `3851` of shape `1, 98, 16, 16` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.
```

>   * `3851` of shape `1, 98, 16, 16` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The net outputs a blob `3851` with the shape: `1, 98, 16, 16`, containing location heatmaps for 98 keypoints. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.
```

Reviewer 2: That would also be useful to describe keypoints, like 0 - nose, 1 -left eye, and so on.

Author: There are 98 keypoints. )))) And there is picture with location and id in README.md

> The net outputs three blobs:
>   * `3148` of shape `1, 98, 64, 48` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The net outputs blob:
  * `3148` of shape `1, 98, 64, 48` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.
```

>   * `3148` of shape `1, 98, 64, 48` containing location heatmaps for keypoints of all types. Locations that are filtered out by non-maximum suppression algorithm have negated values assigned to them.

Reviewer: please check name and shape of output

Author: done
